# Blog-AI Generator

Next.js 13 application that creates AI-powered blogs with content generated by ChatGPT. It features a text editor powered by TipTap and uses CSS Grid and Flexbox to create versatile layouts. The design is fully responsive, ensuring a seamless experience on both desktop and mobile screens.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: The foundation of the project, providing server-side rendering and routing.
- **React**: Used for building the user interface and managing the state of the application.
- **TypeScript**: Improving code quality and productivity with static typing.
- **Prisma**: Secure and efficient database operations with a type-safe query language.
- **TailwindCSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for simplified and consistent styling.
- **TipTap**: Implements a rich-text editor for composing styled blog posts.
- **Heroicons**: Enhances visual elements for use in navigation menus, user interface components, and more.

[Explore the Live Demo](https://blog-ai-hdbu.vercel.app/)

## Features:
- Each blog post is a standalone page.
- Effortlessly edit blog post content.
- Generate AI-driven content with the flexibility to choose the writer's role.

## Installation and Usage

To get started with this project, follow these steps:
### 1. Clone this repository to your local machine
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DmitriyAngve/blog-ai
```

### 2. Install the required dependencies using

 ```bash
 npm install
 ```

### 3. Setup .env file

```js
```
### 4. Setup Prisma
Add MySQL Database

```bash
npx prisma db push
```

### 5. Run the development server using
```bash
npm run dev
```
### 6. Open your browser and navigate to
```bash
http://localhost:3000
```
to access the application.
